Hello, what are you doing in such a hurry?
Just got married yesterday
Come and take wedding photos today?
Now that it's all settled
Do you have to rush ahead for that day's pre-wedding work?
I'm going to take this. Okay.
Chairperson Zhou
What should I do if my son and I are not happy?
Auntie, don't worry.
We still have hope
We can let Tingting break her cousins
Cousins all try
As long as they are related by blood
The success rate of love will be very high
My relatives are fine.
It's because of the house
The relatives in our hometown are very stiff
I'll listen later
Then try it.
Let's go in the afternoon
I'll go and beg them.
Mr. Zhou and my mother must be hiding something from me
I have to investigate